[Music]
Pasalina.  I said on Twitter because
everyone was saying, "It's just that R is
defending himself."  I forgive him for being
rude.  I forgive him for insulting
everyone.  She's defending herself like
Antonia, isn't she?  He's holding his own
a bit now, isn't he?  Well, nobody's
paying attention to him anymore, right?  Well, nobody's
paying attention to him, are they?  Malitandia.
Malitolandia, that's why it's there.  I
mean, but today they sent me, oh, I have to
put it now at Fran's so I don't
forget, because now it seems
Peppa Beltrán, this lady who
kept the 240 eh, for 6 months, eh, well,
two hues have come together, hunger has come together
with the desire to eat, right?  Uh,
and she goes over there to insult me ​​on
Peppa's live and Peppa doesn't know
that I'm telling her that she's
aware of the things that are being
allowed on her channel.  I'm just
telling you that.  She's Peppa's new Loli.
Totally, totally.  And they sent me
a recording today, now we'll play it,
okay?  I was listening to a piece and
it's like, wow.  But it's like, but
this guy But this guy,
wow, right?  Hey, wait a minute.  Um, it
's not like they wrote me something
important.  What were we
saying?  Ah, he's defending himself.
Yes, yes, he's defending himself like
Antonia, talking to himself, everyone.  And
then I come and say, "Oh, yeah, you
know who that is too, Daniel José
Santemos."  And that is bad for doing it.
S. I love it.  Do you
understand me?  Because Dallas has been putting up with crimes every single day since
2017, no, not even 2016, 2015, they're
interfering in his entire
project, sabotaging everything that
this poor man does.  Since 2017,
Ray has been in this mess for six months and his
vocal cords are about to burst, you know what I mean?
So what's up?  If you
tell me that you forgive one person for doing it and
the other one for doing it too, I say, "Okay,
perfect, bank."  But you
make fun of him, you spend all day
talking about him, you say he's very bad,
very bad, even though he's innocent of all
the criminal charges they have, but on the
other hand, Rael already knows what a
cell smells like because I love it, because he knows what
a cell smells like.  Pambi is a
scam, but only the
Dallas part.  You're all in on the main thing,
Javi.  A kiss to José Alberto.  Let's see if
we can get it up, man.  We didn't hook anything
into the main one, huh?  We didn't hook
anything into the main one, huh?  Your video was
highlighted for me by YouTube.  Okay, the
algorithm.  Yes. Look, that
Begoña thing hit really hard.  What do
you think about Begoña?  It hit, it
hit very hard.  Oh, I want to see the
New I want to see it now, okay?  Eh,
the thing about Begoña is that, as I'm telling you, I don't
, I don't see the story she tells
, I don't see it.  Hey, I've
been explaining it a bit lukewarmly there, have
n't I?  On the main channel, but I don't
see it.  He went to Andorra because he
wanted to go and he wanted to go, and that
's it.  You know, I don't even think
it's because of the initial taxes because they don't
have that income yet, I think.  As
for Andorra, for it to be worth it for you,
Andorra has to be, you have to earn 30,000 to
40,000 euros.  Okay, I like Begoña,
but her story is inconsistent.  Yes,
that's what happens to me.  Let's see,
not inconsistent.  I understand a lot of
things, okay?  Hey, today's Sape video is
brutal.  The SAP Hoya video is
very good.  Yes, yes, I've seen it, I've
seen it.  He's doing very well.  He's
doing very well.  He's like Fran,
but more polite.  It's not difficult either, is
it?  But but there is no
persecution against Begoña.  There is a
complaint from a group
that felt offended, regardless of the number of contributions they received
.  Okay, so you
can't generalize.  Uh, there were a
lot of people in the chat when I
posted the video from the main channel and there
were a lot of videos, there were a lot of
comments in the chat telling me things
like, well, Javi, you don't know what you
're talking about.  Begoña based, Begoña,
because it sounds very strong, right?  This is the
story that she told, and it
seems very good to me, eh, if she has that
feeling, I respect her, but the
thing is that I don't agree with her.  I
mean, there's no
government persecution of a YouTuber who, before
her, with all due respect and affection,
okay?  But before a
persecution, eh, I haven't spoken to her,
Guito, I haven't spoken to her.  I was going to
invite her to the Podosca this weekend,
but I couldn't.  No, there is no podca, okay?
Mm.  In 50 years your country will be an
Islamic country.  Gael, yes, very well,
I vote for Vox, but it has nothing
to do with the gypsies, I mean, no,
no, what Begoña said is unfortunate
, damn it, let's not get carried away.  I mean,
I understand that there will be many gypsies who
commit crimes, who do
things and who have a certain
disorder, but not all of them.  It's not that
they are the majority.  Dude, don't turn me
around.  They are all, they are not all, they are not
all.  Well, you can't say that all
gypsies are like that, that's all.  That is to say,
I can't say that all of these
guys are criminals either.  And there are
a lot of criminals.  I can
say that, hey, something else, right?  I can
tell you the experience I've had
in my life, okay?  But it needs to be
qualified because a person who is
integrated, a person, a gypsy who
is integrated into society, who has
an honest business, who has a
quiet life, hey, well, [ __ ] it, it's
normal for that stigma to bother them, you
understand?  I mean, I personally have
n't had the same experience with
gypsies as Begoña.  I'm already
doing what I said in the video, I'm
already doing my own thing, I don't
hang out with anyone, I'm already an
old man, right?  I'm at home, but when I was a
kid, I used to hang out with a lot of
gypsies. I had a neighborhood next door where
almost the entire neighborhood was
gypsies and I used to go in and out and go out
partying and Javi, but you were a chav.  It doesn't
matter if I was a chauvinist, but it doesn't
matter if I was a chauvinist.  Well,
look, well, I was a chav, I was a
pallo.  Well, I was a cani and I was a payo, you
understand?  And he was a jerk.  I mean, no,
no.  I've come in and out and gone
home and things don't go well,
well, maybe they've
had other different situations
and there are more people who fall into bad lives
due to circumstances, but you can't
generalize.  The experience I've
had is not the same, it's not the same, you
understand?  And yes, I understand that there are many
people who have had the same experience
as her.  I'm not telling you that
she's lying, yes, that's fine, but you
have a
responsibility in the media and one thing is like I
always say, right?  Don't censor us,
okay?  Don't censor ourselves.  I
completely agree with saying, "We
must expel from the country all those who
come to rape, all those
immigrants who come here
illegally and come to kill, to rape, to commit crimes, to screw up
, to go
back, like Donald Trump does."
I agree that it has to be
possible to say it and that is not racism or
xenophobia or anything.  I'm not
telling you, I Franco is an immigrant.  I
have many friends who have gone to
England, to Germany, okay?  But to
work or to study, but they
come here inside.  Come on, there
's room for everyone here,
inside, inside, inside, wherever you are
at any given moment.  Rape,
assault, man, no, [ __ ]
off, you know?  You know, no, I'm not a
person who is nice or nice. But, man,
one thing is one thing and another thing is another
thing.  You can't say that all
Muslims are whatever, or that all
black people are whatever, or that all...
No, people should be treated
as individuals.  We have to
analyze the cases and that's it, but
nothing happens.  So, I'm the
first one who has made a lot of mistakes
when expressing myself, a lot.  I have
two convictions, do you understand?  I mean, why the
hell am I going to talk to anyone about
how they should and shouldn't express themselves?
But in this case I don't think there
is any persecution, nor any
scapegoat, nor any... But I know that apart from that it doesn't make
sense.  If you're going to
Andorra, you're not going to Bangkok or
Japan, you're going to
Andorra.  If they want to bring you back, if you
've moved out of fear, because they'll
report you, or because they'll put a criminal record on you
or shut down your channel, but if you're in
Andorra, well, Lali just reported
Ricky Eddy.  Ricky Eddy is in Andorra.   In
other words, you can report someone from
Andorra without any problem.  It's there, I mean,
no, it doesn't fit me.  And then he's talking
about other criminals and it
turns out that the other one is very much a
victim, you know?  I say that because
people are so funny that they don't say
anything.  Be careful, he doesn't know.  The
only one here who has ever set foot in a cell is that
man, and he's out on bail.
But those of the and if they do it I prefer that they
tell me.  Yes, look, we
do it because the thing is that gossip has to be
done somehow and I
say, "Okay, perfect, I'm in."
I've always told him about these things, I'm not
going to act dramatic here,
like you shouldn't do that.  No, you
do what you want, but admit it,
admit it, that's what
Satan said.  At least Lazar admits it.  He
says, "No, yes, I know that's what
makes me money."  L. And that's what she
meant.  She wasn't
referring to the fact that R
's opinion would be worth more if he charged for it, but rather
what she meant to say was that at
least he is the one who takes responsibility
and that he knows he's doing it for gossip and
not like the other one who constantly says,
"No, I'm defending myself, kid.
Shut up! I assure you, Ray. I assure you
that tomorrow you'll close Twitter.
Javi, did you see Sergio's baby? Yeah,
man, of course. He sent me a picture of the
baby when he had it. Mm. Yeah, yeah, of
course. I won't forget about you.
Nobody cares. Being that you're screaming and
insulting. You have nothing. Your
screaming content is worthless. Your
projects are worthless. You use a bot voice like
crazy. Don't come to me with
stories. Obviously you pay a bot.
Don't come to me with tall tales. Yeah,
there was a screenshot somewhere, right? But
anyway, about Red, apart from
a problem of eh self-control, I  I think it's
already quite a story, quite a
story and quite a show because, eh, it's being
seen, it's being seen that now maybe in the
tweets instead of
having five or two likes, maybe it has
40 or 50 or 100, right?  From the
bad collective, right?  And he's come
up and feels supported, right?  You
feel like you're getting attention, right?
So, I think it goes that way a
little bit.  I mean, I love it, you know?
Because the guy lives in a cloud that he
wants, that the Man is doing right now
, of course, if nobody is
telling you anything anymore and I'm not paying attention to him
, eh, obviously it doesn't make
sense anymore.  Of course, it doesn't make
sense anymore.  Nobody is telling him anything.
What's up, my beautiful darling?  Protota
because he has three groupies who
[ __ ] him for her, so they think that Oh, yes, oh
yes, Ray, say it all, daddy.  Of course, because
you know that he reminds me of me, he
reminds me a lot of I don't know, it's that I
know the name of this... I think it's
something else, right?  Ah, it's not the same.  If
Lali wins the lawsuit, Ricky will kick him out of
Andorra.  Man, of course, you can't
be in Andorra with a
criminal record, no, they won't let you. I don't know if they
kick him out directly or if it shows up when he goes to
renew his residency, but no, he
can't.  Come on, in fact, I already think
that the fact that he's been charged and that he has
the type of profile he has, I think that
should bring consequences.  Well,
actually Ricky had a click, didn't he?  I saw
a clip of Ricky saying that he
suddenly has to move to Eesa and
talk to him.  Hey, he told me the same thing
I told you, but well, he's
receiving this kind of attack.  Hey, I
think tomorrow X Picito comes out and says,
"I have such a thing."  We here at the
linen factory are not going to doubt that he has
such a thing.  But it's not even because
they're a Dallas fan.  Stop
taking responsibility away from Lina for being a
Dallas fan.  She's a piece of [ __ ]
on her own.  She is a disgusting being
in and of herself.  He is a human wreck on
his own, not because he is a fan of
anyone.  It's Miren's screenshot that she
reposted mockingly.  They're making fun of
me for not committing suicide.  They're
making fun of me for not having money to
pay myself and for not having gone
blind yet.  That person is a bad
person and even worse than Dallas, just
because I think she is a woman.  And do you remember
when they were with me?  Look, I don't know
if you're going to see this down here.  Look,
no more because this is what the extra puts on the
screen.  Okay, look at the message, look at
the message that the extra puts on the
screen, okay?  On his YouTube channel.
Look, that person is a bad person and
is very demented.  Good drag to
Lino Skyler.  Do you remember when they
became hyper-moralistic?  Because I,
in my great abilities, and in the
pronunciation of Spanish, am arguing
with M. My Skylar, right?  I mean,
arguing with M. Skylar, uh, I said, if
you have a child, I don't know what, I don't know
how much, something like that I said, right?  Hey, if you
have a kid and you get my Skylar, what do you
do?  No, as if I were addressing her in the
masculine, which is absolutely not the case,
gentlemen.  I mean, no, I don't have any
problem trying, but it's not that I do
n't have any problem, it's that I don't
care.  I mean, for me, I've already
explained it many times, for me
trans women, well, that's it.  Well, if you feel like
a woman and you were born a woman
in a man's body, then that's it.
Senda, a kiss.  Okay, I have no
problem with her being a woman.  Come on,
but come on, absolutely none.
Anyone can grab you.  Yes, yes, yes, yes.  the
nonsense of ah, transphobe,
well now they are telling Lina that she looks like a trans and since she looks like a trans, well they are calling Lina Lina Skylar and the followers are now replicating the nicknames that they themselves give and they put it there on the screen, right?  Lino Skylar,
by the way, Lina is really ugly
, I'm going to tell you what's
ugly about Lina, because you all look like
the monsters in the
movie.  There was a movie, man, ah, I
never found it again, man.  I
would love to find her.
In the 80s, 90s, practically in my time
, okay?, when I was a
kid, there was a movie that I watched
a lot that was about monsters, man, it
was about monsters.  Oh, a
monster movie, but it was
super, you know, like, from the years, from
the years such and such and they were monsters.  It was like
a circus of horrors and they were
monsters.  Oh, but I would love to
see it again, but it's not that I don't know the
name of the movie, I want it back,
man.  It was like a circus.  It was like, oh,
but I don't know, man.  I don't know, man.  More
information.  I just wouldn't know how to say it.  They were
monsters.  A Spaniard became famous for
severely assaulting a waitress in Mexico
recently.  I hope you address the issue.
The uncle was sent to jail by a waitress.  And why
were they like a kiss, Estefanía, thank you very much
?  I would love to get that
movie back.  Well, that movie is
all of these, I mean, they are all
one picture, I mean, comparing them not
intellectually, because there is no
comparison there, but physically, I mean,
physically you see them and they are
little monsters, they are all very
peculiar.  It may be freaky, but how you
just reminded me of my childhood.
Mm, I can't do it,
huh.  I can't do it, eh.  I can't do it.  It was
like a pathetic thing, but you know.  Let's
see, that's not it, that's not it, that's not it.  Let's
see.  Hey, what's up, guys?  No, that's not
it, that's not it.  It's a geeky movie, eh,
but it's not like that, eh?  That's not it just
because I think she's a woman.  And I'm
going to tell you something else, why am I telling you this?
Because in that, in that capture, I
clearly say that I was barely accepting
that I was going blind.  It was hard for me to
accept that I was
going blind.  No, it wasn't wale animated,
but it had a cheesy special effect.
Well, they must be from that time, right?
Because they took my life, they
took my job, they took
everything from me when I went blind, they
even took my interria to be Egun
pasa.  Oh no, not Egun Pasa, that's on
YouTube.  Dependency, that is, you have no
idea everything I had to do
to accept that I was blind.
Because?  Because they have never
experienced anything like this in their lives, nor can they imagine it.
They think they're not even
killer clowns from outer space.  No, no,
that title doesn't ring a bell.
Killer clowns, that title doesn't ring a bell.
No, no, I'd say that's not it, eh.  Let's
see, wait.  Damn, we should
find that movie, huh?  We should
find that movie.  Hey, Freak Show, the
horror booth.  That looks good, huh?
And on top of that, I watched it a ton
of times, right?  On top of that, I saw her
a lot of times, right?  This goes straight into the
washing machine, without any previous steps.  This
is impossible.  With the new Vanish Gold,
a direct application to the washing machine removes
stains even in short cycles.
From now on, Vanish.  Trust
Vanish and say goodbye to stains.  Frecket.
That could be it.  Eh, freaket too,
eh,
[Music]
preserved very well the poor thing.  Not this,
not this.  Okay, let's try Freaket.
The dog boy, the leader.  This is the dog boy
.  Like the boss.  Welcome.
This is it, guys.  This is it.  Who
has been?  Who has been?  Lili.  Was it
you?  I don't plan on staying like this for long.
The dog boy.  The dog boy.  Sure,
sure.  The dog boy.  Sure, sure.  It's
new.
[Music]
However, how many of you are here?
First I have to ask you something.
Ricardo,
who starred in the
movie?  The Exorcist.  How strong.  They're
going to copy you.  But this will have copy.
Do you think this has copy?  But
YouTube has uploaded you.  But it is uploaded to
YouTube.  This is going to have copy.  The nose,
the nose.  The nose.  It's this, it's this, it's
this.  I've been looking for this movie my whole
life.  I've been looking.  But why
are you so sick?  But why
are you so sick?  Ricky Edig passes by.
Well, all these people are these.
These are the people.  It's the last
chance.  Come with daddy.  Come with daddy.
100. 100. Come on,
come on.  It's them, it's them, it's all of
them.  Look, they're all from
Space Extra.  Look, all of them, the ones
who are there every afternoon.  Look,
they are the bad ones, literally.  Of course,
of course this is the movie.  Of course
this is it, man.  I've been looking for this
movie my whole life, huh?  That's strong,
man.  A kiss, Carlos.  They cry, but he
makes fun of Dallas' diabetes.  It's just that I
don't know what it is. Look, look.  You can
smell the future.  Many monsters have
extrasensory powers and socks.   It
has cable TV.
Careful.  Socks.  He's going to do the
skullbreaker to you.
Ray Rick is lucky.  We have to
see it.  Hey, are we watching it or what?  Shall we
see it?  It's more or less the same
as seeing the bad guys.  We can see it in
kick.  Hey, in kick, but what the hell are we going
to see in kick.  Well, what's up?   Out
.  But the truth will always expose
the lies in 24 hours.  Hey, I've
been talking to Lorena, I've been
talking to Lorena about going with her,
okay?  What do you want, Wisa?
Why don't you talk to me in the [ __ ] chat?  You
drive me crazy?  You're sending me a
drawing, man.  My
cell phone is ringing.  You're sending me a drawing.  What do you
want?  I'll explain it to you while you watch
the movie.  No, no, no, no, I
was talking to Lorena about going on a
trip together, when are we going,
right?  I was talking to my dad and he
told me that he's going to do
something at home, that he has a little corner
at home, uh, at the end of next month and
then if we want to do it before then,
I can go.  So, mm what we're going to
do is probably Oh, but now
now what happens now Fran isn't coming.
Fran isn't coming.  Note that when Fran
heard me say the 24 hours the other day, he
told me the 24th, which was the day before he
left.  I mean, look, eh, Fran
told me, "Wow, the 24-hour program is [ __ ] great
. I'm going to go with you for a while. Oh,
we'll miss him. F. Are we bringing Sape? We're
bringing Sape, who's a little younger. We're
even bringing Sape. Oh, well,
the idea would be to do the 24-hour program before I
leave, I mean, I do the 24-hour program, I
go crazy, I'm sick, okay? Eh,
I do the 24-hour program and when I finish the 24-
hour program, I go to sleep, I disappear for 4 days and I
go with Lorena, I go, I don't know, I want to see
something, I want to see, I don't know,
Italy or something close by,
something that's not, you know? They
took something away from us. They're short-legged,
French. You made a lot of mistakes. You
aired problems from your family to
other people's friends, quote-unquote friends.
Ah, okay. This topic, this topic comes up
now, right? What the hell  Clowns, really.
I mean, really sick, really what what what what what what
sick are they
with me, really. They're very
sick. They're these little monsters we
're seeing in the movie.  He gives a
kiss.  Now we'll get to that topic because
Givel has given Legun Papa a good beating
, man.  He's very sick, uncle.
The issue is Fran, Fran has broken up
precisely because of this kind of scum,
because of the harassment, among other things, okay?
Because obviously the first thing is the
strong things that are happening to him.  The
topic is Fran and they are messing with me.   They
're all tangled up saying that it's my
fault, that it's because I got together
with Dallas, man, that you're in terrible shape, that you
're in terrible shape, that you should seek treatment,
really.  I mean, they relate everything
to me.  Suddenly a topic comes out, the
viral topic is, hm, what do I say?
Rubius falls down the stairs.  Well,
Javi must have poured it on him and wet the
floor.  Uncle, he's very sick, very very
sick.  In quotes, friends, because
you knew they were taking advantage
of you.  They were on the news, they were
on other channels talking about your
problems, talking about how bad things were
going for you.  But if you guys
take advantage of everyone,
who the [ __ ] are you to tell
me whether I should take advantage of something or
not?  I mean, what's supposed to
happen when the viral topic of the
moment is Fran Cuesta, who's going to lose
the sanctuary, who has a trial, who's
going to jail, who knows what, who
knows how much, I mean, what's supposed to be
the move?  I don't have to
make videos.  A kiss, Estefanía, you
can all make videos about the topic,
try to get hooked on a topic that you
have absolutely nothing to do with, and since he
's my friend, he can't come
here to my channel to talk where he wants to
talk, which is here.  And I can't make
videos talking about the topic, since I have more
information than all of you.  So,
what's the deal?  I don't know, explain to me,
explain to me what the deal is and what the
logic is, because I see you guys
talking about everything that has nothing to
do with you, about everything.  I mean, I'm
not supposed to talk about the viral topic, but you guys
have such small,
[ __ ] minds.  I mean, for the life of
God, for the life of God, when you
see the contributors to the television talk shows
, you're going to be in a bit of a
pickle.  Their logic is that you take advantage,
but then they say that you don't talk about the
issues or that I don't have visitors, but that I
charge €20,000. They're also
saying that now.  They send me clicks where they say I do
n't have visitors and other clicks
tell me that no, that I charge €20,000 and
that I shouldn't ask you for money.
So let's see which of the two things is
worth it, okay?  That is, in all the life of
God, they are very poor minds, very
undeveloped and very
outdated and with a mentality so
small that it is not such.  So, Fran has been
in the media, how long has he been?  15, 16
years old.  Fran, Fran knows perfectly well how
the media works.  Fran is going to be
shocked that I'm going to appear on
TV talking about his issue.  What is better?
If I come out talking about the topic or if
María Patiño comes out, then they'll call
me, right?  Liy, a kiss.  But that is how it is
throughout God's life.  I mean, you see
all the TV commentators on
any show, on Nacho Abat's,
on the morning show, on such-and-such, and
they're often friends of the
news stars.  Because?
Because the lives that matter are the
lives of famous people.  And then
suddenly something happens to Alba Carrillo and
there are two of Alba Carrillo's friends on the
set and they talk about it, okay?  I mean,
they are absurd things.  They are like that,
literally.  In fact, this way, in fact,
this way Fran feels more at ease that
I am the one treating him than if it is someone else
.  It's like it happened to me.  Well,
if the issue were related
to me and I don't have the means to
defend myself because I'm in jail,
I'd be more comfortable
if the issue was being handled by
people who know what I'd like them to
say.  But anyway, I
find it incredibly funny because in the end
what I translate from it is a
terrible envy.  What I translate from there is
a terrible envy.  Yesterday when Fran
said goodbye they sent me one, I don't know if it was one
of those Space videos too, Wizard, I don't know
what it was, where Red and
Delo appear, it wasn't a video clip of these
live shows that are now coming together, Delo
is now joining Messi Berga too.
Delo hangs out with Messi and
these guys, right?  Incredible, incredible.  The one with
the 10 bullets, well with Messi I can already
deluxe you, since you like bullets and he
couldn't get the ones from Dallas for whatever reason
, if you're going to join Messi
Verga when you fight with him, I have
like 30 bullets that you the sailor that it
seems that you've just arrived on the
internet and you don't know the bullets of Messi
Verga, that you have bullets of everything
you want, minor, major,
medium, everything you want.  I'll
give you some of that bullets.  I have to make a
video to see if I haven't had
time for these clowns.  Mm, but they
were saying like Fran, Fran, you
should Fran should stay away from
us.  In other words, their whole problem
isn't that Fran has papers, doesn't
have papers, makes peace with his
wife, reaches an agreement, doesn't
reach one, no, no.  The problem is that you're
hanging out with Javi and Dala, and that
bothers us because on one hand, it hinders us
in our mission to
tarnish Dallas' image, and on the other
hand, you're giving Javi visitors, and we don't
want Javi to have visitors.  Fran
Cuesta didn't miss the last episode
of our live broadcast and came to the
conclusion that it was time to abandon
ship with Dallas and Javi, who followed
our advice.  Oh, my
goodness.  He followed your advice so much that
the only one who can contact Fran
right now is me.  The only ones who can
contact Fran right now are me and
the children.  Oh, they are a mushroom, but a
bad, bad, bad mushroom.  Those are the
Monsters over there.  Mm, where
were we?  Ah, let's listen to the nonsense
they're talking.  Oh, okay, about the
Thailand antics.  Wait, you're going to
freak out.  They falsely wanted to go and
visited you only for content,
Frank.  And you didn't see it, Frank.  You
are not stupid.  You are not clumsy.  For
content for him, idiot.  For
content for him.  So, uh, I
went to Thailand just to make
content, okay?  It's not like
I earn more and I'm more comfortable
sitting at home, no.  A plane ticket,
2000 bucks, a week away from home,
24 hours crossing the planet and and and I
've made videos at the sanctuary.  Sure,
I've made a video, man.  I made a video, which is
crazy, because at home I don't make videos,
at home I make muffins, man, they're
idiots, they're completely idiots.  A
kiss, you saw everything, but you continued
with it and that is a decision because you
were already an adult.  And now what happens
today?  Today one came out.
They say the same thing to Plex.  No, Plex can.
Not to Plex.  They don't tell Plex.  Your
so-called friends who took full advantage
of your situation.  Listen to this, this
is brutal, huh?  Listen to this, this is
going to hit you hard, huh?  That this
was the tweet that I saw from Delos, which I
said, well, I found out this
afternoon because Delos posted the tweet and I
said, "No, man, this is the last one. I
mean, this is the regrettable new one
last year and this one today, uh, one
of your friends came out and said that he wouldn't go to
Thailand to be with you, that he wouldn't go to
Thailand to make content, that I
said that I wouldn't go to Thailand to be
with Fran. Man, things are the
way you should go to Thailand right now, but
come on, neither would I go, nor would Gref go, nor would I go
to Dallas, I mean, right now the No, it's not
a dent. None of us who have
discussed the subject are going to go there
because they're afraid of the authorities.
How can someone who is not from
Thailand be afraid of the
authorities? Well, precisely because they're
not from Thailand. I mean, if
we're seeing that it's a country that
first locks you up in a dungeon and
then you ask and then you
fix it.  Man, of course, imagine,
right?  I mean, imagine if I'm
caught out there, the police suddenly arrive
and say, "Well, we'll take the
otters and Javi, now you get me out of
there. Now they can put me in a
place where I don't know how to speak the
language."  I mean, if we're seeing that
he's going through a situation where they
're trying to tickle him,
okay?  No, Fran, wait, we're going to
put you in jail because you ran
a red light here in town.  I mean,
what the hell am I going to do right
now, and why go to Thailand?  I mean,
you, look at the thought, the
thought that they have clung to.  I
mean, I did the live stream on the main channel the other day
, okay?  I did it the other day
on the main channel and someone
asked me, I think it was in the chat, right?
Something like, uh, "Javi, why don't you
go over there?"  And you support him.  Point
number one, because Fran is
disconnecting.  Fran is disconnecting
from everything.  Why the hell would I go
there?  He doesn't, he doesn't need me to
go there right now.  What he needs
is peace, tranquility.  You don't visit zero
animals, dove, awesome, their children because of
the history.  Fran himself wouldn't
let you go there, but neither would he let
me or Greev.  Greev has given
Yuji a hard time too, okay?  And it's not that I've said the
truth and it's that I don't know, well
Fran has done it many times on my
channel and they can, I don't know, well no, it
's just my paranoia, but I think
maybe he'll go and say, well,
let's file a complaint so they
include the Spaniard too or to kick
the Spaniard's ass, I don't know, a thousand
things, paranoia, right?  It's not a country like
here, it's not like Spain, I mean,
but I think that's understood, right?
And we've seen it, haven't we?  He knows that he has
done things wrong and has
let you die.  Fran Cuestas, Fran Cuesta is
not dead, [ __ ].  Fran
Cuesta has really exploded, she's
exploded because of, among other things, the
problems she has with harassers like
you, harassers who are always waiting to see
if Fran Cuesta puts his flip-flops on
backwards simply because he's a
friend of mine and Dallas's, simply, I
mean, Fran Cuesta has been making
documentary content and doing a
lot of things since 2010.
You're not criticizing him until he's
joined us.  That's when you
suddenly care about what clothes
Fran wears, what hat Fran wears, whether he
has this animal, whether he has that other
animal, whether he has the
sanctuary papers, that's when you care.
You've never cared.  We were already
fighting with Fran Cuesta in 2018,
okay?  We were already fighting with
Fran Cuesta in 2018 when you weren't
there, when this was countryside.  I know
perfectly well what Fran Cuesta is like and that
he loves to tell his stories and is
sometimes very boastful.  I know it.
You're not going to come and tell me
anything, about anything, if you
're just being a clown on the
Marlos Argo issue.  You're acting like a clown, saying that you
repeat everything the lady tells you.  Because?  Because
in 2019 and 2020 there weren't as many
fools as you guys that I was
capable of catching and saying, "Say the dog
is Marlo and they said the dog was
Marlo, you understand? That's what they catch
you guys."  And you say that this is like this, that there
weren't I don't know how many and you and the
two idiots from the channels come out and say, "No,
no, this isn't like this, it's like this."  When they
weren't there, you weren't there, you don't have a [ __ ]
clue.  You are sick, you are what you are.
Sick, ill, sickly, nothing more.
You don't know how to make any other content.  Not
even, man.  Not even.  It's
Javi Dallas and the Javi Dallas environment every day
.  You don't know, man.  There are a lot of
things to talk about.  Hey, I'll get
20,000 views on one, 40,000 on another
, 60,000 on another,
but what I'm not going to do is be a [ __ ]
stalker, okay?  Just like you
[ __ ] stalkers.  You don't give a [ __ ]
[ __ ] if there's an otter in the
sanctuary, if there's a pig, or if there's
whatever.  You don't give a [ __ ] [ __ ].
You care because, Fran, it makes you uncomfortable with
your goal of harassment, and your
goal of harassment is to go after everyone
around us who
benefits us in some way.  That is your
objective of harassment.  If Fran Cuesta
[ __ ] on Dallas, you wouldn't give a
[ __ ] about any lies
Fran told.  Okay, if Fran Cuesta said
Dallas was a pedophile, you wouldn't give a
[ __ ].  Okay, where are your
tweets criticizing Ricky Eddie for
striking and taking it to a play,
a strike?  Well no, there is no tweet
and there is no video about Ricky Eddy doing
that dirty thing because it's not Dallas, okay?
Let Dallas do it, let Dallas put
someone on him and take him to court to
see if there are videos or not,
okay?  Hey, where's the whole
TW collection?  Hey, complaining that
Juanjo Job Bló spends his nights
shutting down 28 Twitter accounts.  Never
mind, it's not Javi.  Never mind, it's not
Javi.  If it were Javi then it would
matter.  Clear.  Lolly Huerta
inventing cancer.  Pepa Beltrán,
who you have there, who started to
invent cancer with the loli, of the
loli, and to continue the roll there with some
lies playing with something like that and with
the 240 that she asked for money for the
240 and didn't and and and she didn't remember in 7 months
to give it, that she had to give the 240
that she had collected for the cancer and you
have her there with you.  You don't give
a [ __ ] about the facts.  You go after
people because they are your target,
because you are stalkers.  Honestly, the
extra is going to be a program with Peppa
to interview her.  Sure, yes, yes,
we saw it the other day, I think, Lili.
Clear.  And he doesn't care what
Peppa's done, he's going to whitewash her.  He's going to
whitewash her.  He let you die and now you
're watching it.  You are left alone to
join the people.  Fran is alone,
huh?  Fran has turned off his usual phone
and the only one who can contact
him is me or his children.  Look how
lonely he is.  Look at the advice he
has given Delox, the only one
who can contact him is me.
Look at the case he made of you.  That
is, he has blown up and has removed himself from
public life.  There is no more.  You're talking pure
nonsense.  What you say isn't worth a [ __ ] [ __ ]
.  Okay, but now
we're going to keep watching it.  More
problematic than this internet world is
.  Franco, I hope so, I hope so. No, I'm
not going to say come back, but if you do
come back, Frank, if you do come back, don't hang out
with the people you've been hanging out with
because they'll cause you problems, Frank.
Sick.  Hey, did we buy the
Trium book or what's up?  Have we bought
Trium's book or what's going on?  Or I have to get carried away
, I just hit the bike,
man, they sent me a click today in a, I do
n't know if it's a fail, Lili or what it
was, a click that I took
advantage of Trium, dude, that I
took advantage of Trium when Trium was
known here, well, not here, on
Telesalseo and in the main one and that I took
advantage of Trium, really, you guys
are really sick, you'll be stalkers and you'll
be all your lives because of course, what
we're here
seeing and saying, they don't understand this
because they have the mind of stalkers
and then the stalkers think that what they
're doing is normal.  I mean, just
look at what he says.  If you come back,
please don't hang out with these people.
If you come back, please don't hang out with
these people.  I mean, no.  If you come back, eh,
don't talk about Yují or don't talk about your
personal issues or don't talk about
politics, don't talk about controversy, or don't
talk about controversial topics.  No,
no, no.  If you come back, don't hang out with
these people.  That would be my comment and
I hope Frank reconsiders.  It's very
likely that the people who need to
know that you still have
illegal otters are going to realize it and
will have to do the things they
have to do for joining people
who give you bad advice, Frank.  But you
can reconsider.  You heard it one
of these days on the podcast.  So, whatever
problems Fran has at the
sanctuary, whatever problems Fran has
with Yuji are because he joins us.
Don't tell your mom Please, where
you insulted
Ret, Mexi and
others, Delox, and you threatened to physically laugh.  And what did they say?
They gave you some advice.  They
gave you one piece of advice, which was to stay away.
Stay away from social media and stay away
from those friendships.  Everything that's
happening to you, Frank, all these misfortunes that are
happening to you, right?  It's because of your lies and
because you joined forces with those two
third-rate characters.  So, Fran, a
third-rate character, I don't even know who the [ __ ] he is.
Third-class character.  Step aside, Justin
Bieber, the mother.  Sick, sick,
sick, and just sick.  Ryan's things
aren't threats.  Ray has threatened my
son, he's been harassing my wife, he
's threatened me with violence, but
no, it's okay because he's
suffered a lot, okay?  Nothing and to
this man he said, "I'm going to shave you."
Nothing, nothing, that's Venezuelan slang.
Come on, man, really, sick,
sick, sick, pure sick.  So
today I find this tweet,
this afternoon they send me this tweet,
the clown from Deluxe and it says, "Well,
share this clip of the sick guy,
obviously Wilson's stalker."  Okay,
tell me what if what I say here in
the clip, if someone can explain to me what's
wrong, okay?  Insky says, that kid is
missing a nerve.  No, Inko, no, no, no.
Seriously, why, man?  I [ __ ] in 10.
Have you thought about going there?
Look, the truth is, honestly, it's not that I have
n't thought about it, it's that I'm honestly
scared.  I mean, the way these
people are reporting him and all that stuff, it
's not the same.  Maybe Plex, you know what
I.  Because?  Because if they
catch me, they're going to say something to me, you
know?  Because he's the one who's always with
him or where he's done his live shows, you
know what I mean?  So it freaks me out, it freaks me
out, honestly.  I mean, that's not
Spain, you know?  The truth is,
then no, what need?  No,
I wish.  Look, I actually had one, but they
're also criticizing it as if it
were traveling to Thailand outside, traveling to
the European Union, you know?  Like it's all
nonsense, you know?
Thought of going at the latest, I mean,
I wanted to go now at the
beginning of the year.  The thing is that Lorena
is studying and she would
totally ruin it.  But in the morning I have to
pick him up, I'll pick up the kids from
school, eh, whether you like it or not, I'll lend a hand
there, right?  And I'm out of the way.
Going to Thailand, going to Thailand
isn't something I do one day for
work like the other day, right?  When
I went to Madrid for the man,
this man with the dogs.  But
going to Thailand takes a week, I
mean, realize that Thailand is
good, because it says, "Now he's scared and
has to help at home."  Yes, yes,
exactly.  Of course I have to help
at home.  Lip, what was this one called?
Wilson.  You don't help at home because you
're sick all day watching everything
I do, okay?  But people
have other content, we have a lot,
a lot of topics to do, okay?
People are not attached to a
person that they hate for whatever reason and
obsessed with them for whatever
reason, okay?  A kiss, Gamer, a kiss.  I
mean, people have things.   Of
course, I mean, I have two
children and my wife didn't last year, but
this one is studying.  Everyone knows that
.  Clear.  No, you don't even have to
know that either.  And Thailand is
no joke, but the first thing
is, let's see, I mean, how do you
fix it?  Why do I have to go to
Thailand?  So, Fran is retiring from
public life indefinitely and I
have to go to Thailand.  That?  What
exactly do I have to go to?  And Wilson takes
the shares to a stalker, who is
who you hang out with now.  of those with
stalkers only.  Okay, you're the
center of their lives, they can't live without
you.  But this isn't the first time,
Smurfette.  Hey, I was trying to find
a few of the things that happened when I came back from
dinner and I didn't have time
to find much, but
you'll probably find more because
this happened in August.  I mean, the first thing is
that now there's no need, there's no need to
do anything in Thailand, I don't have to
go to Thailand at all, I mean,
why do I have to go to Thailand?
Fran, I'm going to take a break.  I don't
have to go to Thailand at all.  I
mean, yes, we have to go to Thailand,
why do we have to help there with anything?
Hey, he's sick and we have to take care of him.  I don't know
what there is to do in
Thailand.  Even with their children.  Okay,
but in August, when the sanctuary thing happened
, they fought each other from the moment Fran
announced it, okay?  Since Fran
announced it, the days have been the same.
The Wilson, the other one, the one on the motorcycle, a
lot of live shows.  If Fran needs you, he
knows you're there for him.  Fran, the
only one who's in contact with Fran is
me, okay?  And he knows that of course
what he needs is for, but right now it
's being an idiot and going to Thailand.  Come on,
he's the first one who would say to me, who would
n't say to me, "Why the [ __ ] are you
coming here? You're an idiot."  But apart from that, it's
like going to Thailand is like going to
Chipiona, you know?  That's it.  As if going to
Thailand was like going to Chipiona.  But anyway
, what do you say when Franco was involved in
the sanctuary issue,
the harassers spent the whole [ __ ] week
saying these things.  Come on, if
you don't ask him, I'll ask him.  Dala, you
're a millionaire and your great friend is like this
and you've stood up for yourself.  When you
had to have the courage to stand up
for yourself, man.  Help him, help Don
Franco, the Sevillian, the other one, the one on the
motorcycle, all those to whom you have
given visualizations, let them help you.  To
all those to whom you have given
views.  That's the problem
they have.  The problem is that
it has given us views, you know?
This was everyone's daily routine, right?  Of all.
If you want, tomorrow or the day after, I'll tell
Luares that we can compile everything.  Ah,
about Ajax, yes, only she has the
right to make fun of
other people's medical conditions.  Yes, yes, look,
look.  Keep rolling in your own
piss.  Invite Ordaneta and do nothing without
any disgust, Ajax.  Disgusting.  Ah, the
three dots thing.  I knew they were going to say
something about the three dots.  He says, "I wish
that would work because I keep doing it
with the crime team channels and
such."  Uh, well I don't know who the criminal team is
, Aranne, but I would swear
that the criminal team would swear that they have
left YouTube, that they no longer upload videos,
but if you want to stop the
algorithm from recommending
Arnephobia content to you, what you have to do is
not watch the content.  Of course, because you know
what happens, that the algorithm
recommends content to you that you
swallow with chips, what you start
watching, okay?  Hey, what's going on?
For example, your videos don't appear to me
.  So here, what are you
complaining about, whose videos are showing up a lot
?  from someone you don't
want to see, well don't see them, don't
see them.  Maybe you've been obsessed
with someone for 6 years and that's why the
videos appear.  Well, this, this, and
this about Pepa, this is an example,
but this was when Fran announced the
sanctuary that they wanted to take away from him, it was
every [ __ ] day, right?  Every [ __ ] day.
Javi, aren't you helping your friend?  It's not in
friend.  Help him.  Javi, let Javi help you.
And Javi, who wouldn't have to either.
Fran didn't ask me for anything either.  No, but
the thing about it is Javi.  Javi, Javi and
Javi Dallas, Javi Dala.  Well, I
took it, they didn't know anything and while
I was traveling, my grace.
But why does Mercedes always appear
so sick at this time of day?  My captain the
sad one.  I piss myself laughing, stress-
free, stress-free, two pills less.
Merced came to my mind right now
, I don't know why.  I remembered that
kid.  Do you remember how ridiculous he
made himself?  It's been a long time since we last
saw him.  What happened to him?
A friend of his told me, "It's by a
kiss."  A friend of his told me that
he's sure he has an
internet presence, that he's on the internet in some
way, but not with his identity.
A friend of his told me that, and I have
the audio here.  Um, the thing is, I
was already traveling and with the plan to go
there, I don't know if you remember that in
August I had a trip with Lorena
that I had already booked, it was
Córdoba, right?  I went to Córdoba for a few
days and after Córdoba, boom, I left
Lorena at home and went to Madrid,
took a plane and went to Thailand.  Okay.
Well, I was on that trip and
the stalkers were there every
[ __ ] day, every [ __ ] day.  And
Javi, doesn't he help you?  Now, what is it?
Now, what is it?  He needs it and I already had the
ticket to Thailand bought and I was
quiet and they said, "And Javi won't help you?"
"And what about Javi? Javi doesn't do anything."
Do you know what they did when I showed up
there in Thailand?  Instead of putting a
dot in the mouth, when it appeared
there in Thailand what they said was
this.  World exclusive.  Javi Oliveira
travels to Thailand to improve his image.
Sick, sick, sick, sick.  What's
up, my darling?  A kiss, queen.  Did you
hear what I told you before?
Well, I'll tell you properly later.  I
mean, this one and this Wilson also had a
tweet
saying that I wasn't there,
that where his friend was, I don't know, I don't know
how much, right?  Well, when I showed up
there the thing was that I had gone to
clean up my image, okay?  So,
look, Tesa, here you are, the best
way to help the sanctuary is to travel
to Thailand.  Yes, Tesa, yes.  Look,
Tesa, Saska was hitting him here,
eh, he never fails, they're consumed by impotence, they
lack values ​​and they don't leave the mat.
No, it's not that they don't fail.  And he says that
the best way to help Fran was to
travel to Thailand was ironic.  So what
is Wilson like?  I don't understand.  The
best way to help Fran.  But
you have to do this because I ca
n't.  Not me, they've
blocked me so I can't
answer because I find it
fun, it's a shame that there are three
random people.  It happens that they block me so that I
cannot get the answer.  Why would
Wilson be so fixated on Tesa, a
ghost from the past with another identity?
Well, I don't know, but you have a problem with
several people, I mean, it's tremendous with me
because, let's see, if you're a
vigilante, then you criticize Juanjo
about the strikes too, right?  What
Juanjo is doing with what
Juanjo has done with Sorcotilla, who was
happy that his
daughter died, who said that it was what she deserved
for being evil or Joan Planas.  Wilson no longer criticizes
Joan Planas either.  Suddenly
only Wilson is Javi.  If you have to
create another identity for yourself, Wilson, to
try to tell me something because you don't
have the guts to do it with your face,
you're the one who's cowardly.  But
you're scared from the moment you
create a multi-account and it doesn't use
your identity.  There you have the
[ __ ].  I mean, how are you going to talk about
cowards?  How are you going to talk about being a
coward?  Delux, the one who deleted his
entire channel when Christophin got caught with
the ice cream scam, right?  With the
ice cream cart and the ones he erased the
entire channel.  Deleted.  How are you going to talk
about being a coward, Delux, when you deleted the
entire channel saying you didn't like
the thumbnails?  Because your partner,
Cristo Spain, was caught with bullfights
and there were calls from your
partner saying that you were getting
a commission.  What's up?  What are you going to say
about the cagoneta that the other day
appeared in a space and little else and yes, it
fits you in Thailand, not in
India, but running
you and the boar, eleguna, what are you going to
talk about cagoneta?  Things must be
faced, confronted, debated.  It's a
shame what you're going through with Pegoña.
I hope everything goes well for everyone.  And good
night, good ones.  Kiss, big boss.  Well,
I'm not going through anything,
she is, but yes, yes, I hope
everything goes well for her.  I mean, they start
talking about me being a coward because I don't want to go to
Thailand, as if it were Thailand.
Well, here in Chipiona you are not
ridiculous.  Oh, but there was something else
about this topic, wasn't there?  Ah, yes, the clip from
today.  Veradora I don't know which one it
was.  I think it was this one.  Do you know
this?  It's that on Tuesday on the podcast
we're going to bring someone from Wescol
because you have 4000. Kisses, Valeria.
But no way, Tesa is, let's see, Tesa
is one of Javi Oliveira's submissives
.  I don't, no, no.  Tesa is not my
submissive.  The one who has submissive people and the one who doesn't
matter to you is the Egun Pasa.  That one does
have a submissive, the one who passes, Luis
Hendera.  Yes, that has its
merits, but seriously, not like mine, which
was a joking comment.
No, no, the one who has a submissive is the passerby.
Why haven't you put it on the podcast "
Want to be my submissive?"  I would love that
title.  Come on, I'm laughing my ass off.
I'll give you some coins, okay?  No,
no, not that one, not that one.  Or the or the or Why did
n't you name the podcast after
the director of the film
Miare made?  Um, what was his name?  Luis Endera
the message.  If you had if your mother
wasn't my friend, right?  Or something like that is what
Luis Endera called it, right?  What was it like?
No, my only submissives are Wizard
equals.  No, but what was the clip?
Friend is in absolute misery.
When a kiss can put Boss in jail,
when he's depressed, when it's obvious
that he's in a very bad
emotional state.  I refuse to be submissive.   I
like her better as a slave.  That's what you know.  Oh yes,
shurras, I have to take the kids
to school.  I have to take the children
to school.  [ __ ] blow.  It's what you are.
Coward, coward.  Coward.  You were never
friends with Frank.  You are interested.  A leech
.  And you were friends with
Leonardo DiCaprio.  Rae, you were a
friend of Leonardo DiCaprio and you
recommended Cristo Moneda to him.  What are you going to
say about cowards or
cowards?  What are you going to talk about,
coward, Rae?  that you've taken over the
poor Space of that little girl
Electra who was giving you the slip the other day
and you asked Electra to
take out a creature that was giving you the
slip, I don't know, I don't have the
clip here, they sent it to me two or three
days ago because I'm not commenting on anything
about you anymore because I'm random, man.  But they
sent me a click that was mind-
blowing.  Submissive Electra, that was
her mass, man.  I was picking it up.  I don't
remember if it was a little boy
, a girl, a boy.  A kid who
got into the space and was giving it his
all and grabbed the ray and
said, "Either you throw that extra out or he'll never
get in here again."  And he took the extra and took it out.
There yes, there yes.  But when Javi
Oliveira appears, pom pom pom.  Oh no, it's just that he's
the plague victim, we're arguing with him.  Come
on, man.  You talk pure nonsense.  You
are a snake mixed with a
leech, a bloodsucker.  You sucked
all of Fran Cuesta's blood dry and
left him lying like a dog.  Now that it's
no longer useful to you.  Now that's it, Frank, I don't
want to.  That?  In what?  What have we
left Fran in the lurch?  Fran is
completely stuck in nothing.  Neither Fran is
completely stuck in anything, nor will he
ever be.  Fran is not lying, nor has
he ever been, nor will he ever be.
What have we left behind?  I'm
freaking out about this.  I arrive and find
this this afternoon that I let
Fran throw away.  In what?  In what?  You don't
want to expose yourself on the internet, it's no longer of
any use to you.  Why don't you go to
Thailand to accompany your so-called friend?
Why don't you catch a flight?  There is no need to give
him a kiss.  You earn a lot of money,
you are a millionaire, and you receive a lot of donations.
Take a [ __ ] plane, go there with your
friend, accompany him, talk to him.  Not everything
is, not everything is monetizing, not everything is
monetizing, [ __ ] mercenary.  Not everything is about
making videos on the internet.  Why don't you
go and sit there with
Rae? Well, it's not all about monetizing.  Let's see when
you'll stop creating memes and stop
pulping them and then sending them to
hell.  If everything isn't about monetizing, let's see
when you show some affection to your
followers, to the 40 people who
follow you when you're not talking about me and you're not
taking the money from the meme coins
you make because you already have enough, right?
With your friend and you accompany him without making
videos.  You give him a hug.  Ah, you go,
you give him a hug, you talk to him,
you find a solution, you sit with him.
Sure, pretty easy sitting there, right?
so that they can give you that little bit of the
zapatarranda of retards that you have
every day.  There it is very easy to be
friends with anyone.  How will it go if you can't
make any videos?  I
can't make any more videos, Peppa.  I can't
make any videos anymore.  The one who can't
drink your rum is you.  Yes, I can
make video.  You can't drink your rum
because your teeth have fallen out and you have
dentures.  How could I not be
able to make a video in Thailand?   Are
we stupid or what?  But if I make a
video there taking the dog out, how can I not
make a video in Thailand?
Because?  Because Fran doesn't appear in the videos.
But we are stupid.  It's just that they are
idiots.  They're just idiots.  The mother
who gave birth to me.  So, I'm, uh,
I can't go to the sanctuary because I wouldn't
make a video.  No, I wouldn't make a video.
I'm not going to make a video, damn it.
I'm not going to make a video.  I don't know,
when I go out to feed the
ostriches, can't I record a video of myself
at the Francoesta sanctuary?  Because he
doesn't come out.  If I get involved with the kangaroo, I'm
not going to make a video.  The truth is that we
say idiots and
then we are surprised that only
bad people follow us like the people who
were in the Twitter responses of the
well bad.  It can't be any other way.
I mean, it's you who's stupid.  No, no, no
, I'm not going to Thailand because
I've given up on it.  I've given up on it
because now, why would I
go to Thailand if I can't record video?
No, no, damn it, I can't record
video.  Come on, you say it, I can't
record video.  Well, there are so many
videos that he records in Thailand.  Neither one
can record in Thailand.  Lili, don't
put that on me.  Javierini Salini Loliva, a
vequos with a truss to further arouse
the envy of Raed and haters
Incorporated.  A kiss, a kiss.  Photos
RD.  Hey, listen to me with the nonsense.
We're 20 super chats away from the challenge,
huh?  If you're shooting videos in
Thailand, then that's fine.  But
even if I didn't record it with
SAP, even if I recorded it myself.  Do you think
I don't record videos when I'm in the sanctuary
?  We are stupid.  I
'm not [ __ ], but I donate to you because
I want to.  Ea.  A kiss.  Josephine.  Queen,
come on, you saw the la la la, the gymnastics and
the stupidity and they're talking about it but very
convinced, huh?  But they
are talking about it with great conviction.  No, it's not that you can't
go to Thailand anymore because you can't
film anymore.  Recording is prohibited.  I
am [ __ ], so I donate to you.  A
kiss, B. Thank you all so much,
handsome.  Come on, I'm going
to Thailand right now, I wouldn't have any visitors
recording videos there.  Honestly, they're just there
to monetize them because he's not his
friend, because all he cares about
is getting Peppa's blood out of
Valencia.  And Peppa doesn't mind
taking anyone's blood.  What's up, aunt?
When what happened with Dana happened, it was a
real shame.  It was a real
shame, Peppa, asking for
money for cancer and not giving it.  That
was a real shame.  What the
hell is going to be a shame if I
go to Valencia and record a
report?  ridiculous.  Hey, hey,
really, but you guys, you guys must
have some balls.  One dedicating himself to what he
does and the other dedicating herself to what she has
dedicated herself to.  Man, he got into a
fight with his friend, with one friend
next to him laughing at the 240 and the other
giving him money while they
made up a cancer, man.  And then he came out
saying, "Oh, I used the wrong
word. I used the wrong word."
Those who come together among themselves because
no one outside of their sixth, then
I am the one who has a contract signed
with Dala saying I cannot criticize you, you
cannot criticize me, no.  You
have that signed verbal contract,
you are the ones who make the contracts.  I don't
know if I'm [ __ ], but just in case it's
time to donate, so I'd be taking attendance
.  I'd take roll, okay?
You know?  There's a trick that someone
told me the other day and I didn't know
it worked, man.  Do you know what trick
they told me the other day?  that if they give away
members, those who are
snooping will appear, that is, because
memberships are given to those who are gossiping.
Raed is the most contradictory being
you have right now, the neurons simply
don't connect.  But they wouldn't defend each other in any
way.  If Ra
is super outraged by some things,
if he knows what Peppa has done and all
the dirty things Peppa has done, he
would be outraged with her, but between
them they have a kind of pact of I
defend you from what's yours and you
defend me from what's mine, no more.  And
then what happens is that when they
start fighting among themselves.  Yes,
Javi, I always check when they send me
subscriptions because they get them from all the
bad guys.  The bad guys appear, right?  That
is, I tell you here that you are giving away
members now and the
names of all of them appear here.  Now, because
we've said it, maybe not.  Well,
since we're all [ __ ], there's
my money, darling.  But you're really stupid,
Oda.  20 is too much.  Greetings, Javi,
a big hug.  Then when they fight
each other they throw things in each other's faces,
man.  If they were defending
Tania.  They were defending Tania's
case regarding her husband, man.  Do you
want it bigger than that? Bigger
than that, there's nothing.  There
is nothing bigger than that.  Then they fight, and
when they fight, Peppa comes out
saying, "It's true, Loli, you
made up cancer. You're a
liar. How strong, how strong what
you made up."  And Loli, "Pepa, you
kept the €240. How cool! How
cool what you did. Oh, it's just that
afterwards it's hard to understand why Fran goes bust.
Afterwards it's hard to understand why Fran has gone
bust. How could he not go bust? I mean, Fran is
always in the
same boat right now. Fran is always in the same boat. Fran is
currently dealing with a ton of
really big issues, a ton of
family problems with his children involved,
friends, the jail, the complaint,
the lawyer, this and that, okay? And
then you don't take things the
same way when you're like this, when you're in
Fran's shoes, Giberi Tartaja has been insulting you these last few days
. Fran has
been really freaking out these last few days with
all the nonsense they were
saying about him. You remembered late, he brings up
some conversations that he apparently had
with a 14, 12 year old girl, something like that.
When does Mafan have TV? I have no [ __ ] idea.
I think he's like 39. You
baited me. No, doing [ __ ] from
inside. Make him do crazy things, make him
ruin himself even more, because no lawyer,
no serious lawyer tells you, put one
that he told him that man, if I'm
going to do it myself, he has no
other choice.  If I have to do it.  Yes.
A tutorial, eh, a tutorial and
I would always do it, friend, always, I
know which one you're talking about, but it's true, it's a
lie,
I came up with a couple about it.  Have you
seen the photo of his little bald boy?
Yes, yes, I spoke to the one who had it.
What he did.  Of course, people are going crazy, man.  There are
times when it is not so.  I mean, we
have, I don't know if it's 20 channels and
40 Twitter accounts all [ __ ] day long,
yeah.  All [ __ ] day, yeah.  Of course, he
went, he went to, to monetize the
misfortune.  This guy is a mercenary.  And he
even threw away the boots he bought
instead of saying, "I'll wash them and leave them
here in case anyone needs them."
That's because Peppa made that up.
Where the hell do you get that I threw them away
instead of telling him to leave them in case anyone
needs them?  When I was about to
get in the car, which
Rubén had stored for me in his warehouse
, I told him, "Hey, I'm
going to take off my boots. I'm not going to get
in the car with boots full of
fecal water. You're going to
need them."  And he said, "No, man,
we're not like that. We're not at that
level anymore."  And he took it and said, "Throw them in there."  And I
threw them away.  Some real €10 boots,
man.  It's whatever.  It's whatever,
whatever.  A kiss.  A kiss to all of you
who are giving away members.  Pay
attention to the names, I'm not
interested in names.  They don't
stop, Javi, I don't know how you have so much
resistance, because they are what they are and in the
end I already know that they are part of, well,
of such, but they are too much and
this catches you at a weak moment and they are
a bunch of harassers.  They're a bunch
of bullies.  Your friend with the mustache
who was there said it in a
Twitter video.  He didn't say it in a Twitter video
, he said it on his live stream and these people
cut it out because they're watching everything where
I am.  Because they watch everything where I
am.  Hey, you've never seen
Mikel live in your [ __ ] life.  They'll
open up and go watch Mikel's live show
to get an excerpt from it
, that is, they watched
Mikel Serrano's live show just to see what he was
saying.  At this rate, they're even going to get mad
because you recorded the shrine in
Fortnite.  If I show up at the
sanctuary tomorrow, they'll take it and say I
went there to monetize, and that's it.  Holy
patience.  Face twisting with
laughter.  Face blowing a kiss.  Face
blowing a kiss.  Kiss.  Kiss.  A kiss to
everyone.  It's a real shame
, a man, that you had to let it be seen
that what you did with
Raed's nephew's live stream is much worse when
Raed insulted Lorena.  Yes, but what
laser has done, no.  What
Lerlen did, no, not that one, not that one.  I don't
understand why.  You know that it can be
dismantled in a moment.  Come on, you have to
have balls to act like Peppa and
tell anyone this.  What we threw away was
your Peppa umbrella.  Face twisting with
laughter.  Face twisting with laughter.
Person of friends.  It's worth nothing, nothing,
nothing, nothing.  Trust Peppa.  Peppa, I
have all my friends here who have
n't let me down over the
years.  How easily they invent and
Marcos is there.  But Peppa, I have
my friends here, those who never let me down,
and my community for
many years, and those in real life.  The one who
wasn't my friend was you who
tried to latch onto me like a
tick, and the moment we
caught you by the way you were, we got you
out, out of here.  And you've proven
over the years that I wasn't
wrong, that you are what you are.  You are what you
are, but without further ado, you have to see all
the things that always come out of you.
Trust, trust.  Every day more people are
going to realize who this guy is.
Trust Peppa, trust.  Yeah, look at everything
he does to his so-called friend.  Go on,
get on a [ __ ] plane, you bastard.
You kicked the [ __ ] out of Fran Cuesta.  Your
most viewed videos were made because
Frank Cuesta gave them to you.  My
most viewed videos were given to me by Fran
Cuesta.  But what's that coming, huh?  My
video, my most viewed videos were
given to me by Fran Cuesta.  But where does that come from?
Where were you from, Rae?  That's where
the interview I did with him was from, he wanted to
do it here.  I'm so upset.  This
documentary, this documentary here was
made by my balls.  This documentary is
an hour and a half long.  This is roughly 5 hours
of raw recording and a whole week of
stopping the channel for the documentary.  I
mean, old videos.  I made this video
myself because I felt like it.
This Will and Me video too.  I
mean, what are you talking about?  Your
career would have died.  He would have
died with everything that happened to Dallas,
with the scams that went to [ __ ].
That my career would have died because
Dallas pulled a scam.  But let's
see, Raye, let's see, Rae, the one who
was involved in Pambi was you, and
my career would have been killed because
Dallas pulled a scam.  But, but if you
were the one involved in Pambby
, is it a scam?  Isn't this a scam or
is it just the Dallas part that is a scam
?  Come on, they have no shame,
they don't care.  This isn't normal anymore,
Javi.  It seems like you're collecting
to fill a mental asylum.  That one with the accent
on the Aragua train.  It is, but
they are surprised that people
dehumanize them and treat them like the evil ones they
are.  But just look at it.  But just
look at the nonsense
they're saying.  self-conventions on a day in
which I'm not even saying anything about them,
nor do I give a [ __ ] [ __ ], nor do I know what
they've done all week because I
think I've gone almost the entire
week without mentioning these people because we've been busy
with other issues and they
're Javi, Javi, Javi Javi, Javi, Javi
every day and they would have died without
Fran Cuesta, ungrateful.  But, how
ungrateful?  Let's see, I
would have died without Fran Cuesta.  But
where did you get that from?  I mean,
that, why is that?  For when?
When would I have died without
Francoesta?  Let's see, let's see.  The
time of Pambi.  Here I am for more than 52
months supporting.  Silly clown face.
A kiss, a kiss, gorgeous.  Look,
here's the sanctuary, okay?  Look,
here I am in the sanctuary, okay?
Come on, let's see a few
weeks before the sanctuary, okay?
Let's watch it from here, from the
documentary that says it already has
1,000,000 views, okay?  Well,
this video is going well.  This one, come on, I'm not
going to tell this one because I'm with
Frank, okay?  This video is going well.  This
video is [ __ ] awesome.  This is going [ __ ]
great.  This is going [ __ ] great.  This is
[ __ ] awesome.  This is [ __ ]
awesome.  This is [ __ ] awesome.  But I
'm watching videos here with 200, 300,000
views on all topics, not harassing
a single person like you.  I mean,
look at the variety of topics and look at the
visits, okay?  These are the weeks
before I go to the sanctuary.  Look, look at
the views and the variety of topics, man.   Have
you never seen this on
your channels in your [ __ ] life?  Hey,
they're clicking on my videos.  Of course they
click on my videos.  If I'm showing you a
video about Donald Trump and suddenly one about
Ángel Aguilar and suddenly another one about I don't
know what, well, of course, it clicks because
YouTube's algorithm works with the
subject matter, okay?  But if you visit them,
this is wrong, this is wrong.  150,000
views, one case video, okay?  I
mean, serious stuff, man.  And?  What did I
go to the sanctuary for?  To make a profit,
okay?  That is, excluding the interviews
with Fran and the children.  As far as I know.
That's a lot, that's a lot of
days that I'm not making content
at home.  And not even a kiss.  So,
between what the ticket costs,
and the
content I'm not making on all the
channels, what have I gained?  A
video with 270,000 views, another with 100, another with
40, another with 140, 140, 90, and another with
180. But yes, but the difference
is that only you maintain Raet.
Exactly.  Tesaji says, "You don't have to
explain yourself."  No, but it comes
apart so easily.  It is
very easy to disassemble.  Here are the data.  If
anyone can verify this
.  It's public.  Removing the three
interviews.  The three interviews, let's
see how you get that through your [ __ ] heads,
man,
I would have done the three interviews in Thailand, in Peru,
in Yugoslavia or in Chipiona, okay?  That
is, Sape was going to do the three interviews
elsewhere, Zorro wasn't going to do them either, and Fran wasn't going to do them
either.  They were going to make them 100% here.
Would I have gone to Thailand or not?  Okay,
check out your views talking about
cryptocurrency, Rae.  Look at your visits
talking about cryptocurrencies.
1009 97. But, but well, here it is
because you are talking about 1700. But,
how are you going to come and talk to me about
visits, man?  If it is, it
is not even a stupid
joke that any of
you who live off me, literally
live off me, come to me, okay?  Come and
visit me, okay?  And then,
look, when I get back to the sanctuary,
what are the Ricky Eddy videos where I
ate him up?  100,000 views, okay?  This
documentary in which Franó had absolutely
nothing, I didn't even tell him I was going to release it,
okay?  This, this I think I
actually recorded this documentary
before leaving if I'm not mistaken.  I don't
remember, but we spent a
lot of time on this one, and I.  Hey, this
video fits you where you're going.  700,000
visits.  A job.  A job.  No [ __ ]
Franco [ __ ], he took a
picture with an elephant, huh?  Fran Cuesta
is a mythomaniac because he walks, walks, man.
This is work, damn it.  Videos that
never die.  Let's see when you learn.  I
mean, look at the variety of topics,
huh?  Then the Daniel Sancho incident happened, and
the sentence was handed down.  Okay, this video is
[ __ ] crazy.  This video is
[ __ ] crazy.  I recommend it to you.  Look,
what are you telling me?  What
are you telling me?  Watch
Justin Bieber's videos, man.  Watch
Justin Bieber's videos.  Look, 500,000,
300,000.  Adelos I [ __ ] him.  Okay, I
think this is the best sex he's
ever had and he seems to want more.
Look, I mean, I don't understand what
the death is that
my channel had, that I've been having
fewer visits in the last two weeks
on the main page because there's nothing
big.  And that's making you
excited.  When you have the community
that I have, okay?  When you have the
community I have, you won't
worry about having
the videos you have last month, 40,000 views,
30,000 views.  Well, life, you know?  But these are
things, man, I really listen to them
and say, "But they're pulling it out of their
[ __ ] asses, man. Why do you say things
that can be taken from you and
people can go look at it and see what the
reality is?"  Okay, so my channel was
revived because I went to Thailand, which
would have died.  I was talking about
Justin Bieber with 500,000 views.  Oh,
get on a [ __ ] plane, get your
balls in the right place, the balls that we
men have and you put yourself there,
something happens to a friend of mine, I'm the
first one who's there in my Yes, yes, yes,
yes.  Something happens to a friend of yours and you're the
first one there.  And if
something happens to a girl in the pool, you're the
first one there too.  It's daily, man, it's
daily, daily, daily, huh?  It's
absolutely daily.  But well, uh,
next thing, because
this is actually also related to
Fran, but this time it's Gibel.
Hey, is it true that you were saying
something about me?  Gibel was insulting me
now that someone came along who
wrote that.  It would be a B. You haven't
checked,
Wiard.  Javierini Salsini Loliva.  A
dirty old man hates my babies, my
children and my children.  Combatti le donne
impazzite launching loro
industrial quantità di
spicy sauce.  My head hurts from
putting up with your nonsense.  Wizard.  Check out
the discussion to see if it's true.
[Music]